Add style guide to Contribute to the docs (#4060)
elastic/docs-content: contribute-docs/style-guide/ui-writing.md

captures in the documentation. Both can quickly go out of date.

**Keep it focused.** Explain one way to accomplish the task and let users discover the alternative. Don't provide extraneous details.

**Test your docs as you go.** Push all the buttons and ensure that your content reflects real-world scenarios. Put yourself in your users' shoes, and 
test each step locally. Test your instructions for multiple use cases (and potentially on multiple versions if you plan to backport your changes).

## UI icons 

UI icons can be helpful to include when describing a procedure that requires the user to interact with the UI, for example, if they need to click a button or another UI element. Follow these guidelines:
- Use the approved list of [EUI icons](https://eui.elastic.co/#/display/icons). 
- Include the tooltip text, image, and alt-text for optimal accessibility. 
- Avoid using parentheses before and after the UI icon image, which can disrupt screen readers' speech and braille outputs. 
:::{dropdown} Example
    ❌ **Don't**: To display the table in fullscreen mode, click the fullscreen icon ().
    

>     ✔️ **Do**: To display the table in fullscreen mode, click the fullscreen icon . 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ✔️ **Do**: To display the table in fullscreen mode, click the fullscreen icon {icon}`full_screen`. 
```

- If you need to draw attention to a specific part of the screenshot, you can draw a border or use an annotation, such as an arrow. If you do, keep these in mind:
  - Use Elastic's [brand colors](https://eui.elastic.co/#/theming/colors/values) for the annotation. We recommend the pink accent color, hex `#F04E98`.   
  - Ensure your annotations are no more than 3px in thickness. 

### Callouts on screenshots

If the screen is very complex, it might help to add callouts:

- Number them; do not use letters.
- Order numbers from left to right, top to bottom.
- Make sure that the callout number is readable in the documentation.
- Provide an explanation for each callout.

## Referring to apps and pages

In Kibana, there are multiple ways for users to navigate to apps and pages. Depending on the environment and initial setup, users can be served with different navigations where the structure, interactions, and visible features differ.

When referring to apps or pages in the Docs, and especially in tasks and tutorials, it's important that you remain as close as possible to the user's truth. For that, use one of the following solution-agnostic patterns:

> - The app is directly available in the main menu: `Find <APP> in the main menu or use the <<kibana-navigation-search,global search field>>.`

Reviewer: These examples are asciidoc-specific, I think we should use Docs V3:
```suggestion
- The app is directly available in the main menu: `Find <APP> in the main menu or use the [global search field](/explore-analyze/find-and-organize/find-apps-and-objects.md).`
```

- The app or page is accessible through only the global search field: `To open **APP or PAGE**, find **PARENT** in the main menu or use the [global search field](/explore-analyze/find-and-organize/find-apps-and-objects.md).`

You can adapt these patterns and the link to the search bar documentation to match your context and scenario. 

> ## Naming

Author: We decided to remove them. @florent-leborgne to open tasks to follow up.

|  8.    | **Chart type menu** <br /> Opens the **Chart type** menu, where you can click a different chart type for the layer. Available only for area, line, and bar charts.  |
|  9.    | **layer pane** <br /> The layer configuration options, such as fields, functions, formula, colors, and more.  |
| 10.    | **Index pattern dropdown** <br /> Opens the **Index pattern dropdown**, where you can select a different index pattern for the layer.  |
| 11.    | **Horizontal axis, Vertical axis, Break down by, etc.** <br /> Refers to the field groups. <br /> To be generic, use _drag fields to the layer pane_.  |
| 12.    | **Suggestions** <br /> The alternative visualizations that **Lens** creates for your data.  |

### Cloud, labeled

> ![Cloud with labels](./images/cloudLabeled.png)

Reviewer: I think this image is also quite out-dated (doesn't show "hosted deployments", "serverless deployments" sections) so should likely be commented out until it can be refreshed.

> ![Cloud with labels](./images/cloudLabeled.png)
